Clojure example for fixed label-width captcha recognition (#13769)
apache/incubator-mxnet: contrib/clojure-package/examples/captcha/README.md

```
$ lein infer
INFO  MXNetJVM: Try loading mxnet-scala from native path.
INFO  MXNetJVM: Try loading mxnet-scala-linux-x86_64-gpu from native path.
INFO  MXNetJVM: Try loading mxnet-scala-linux-x86_64-cpu from native path.
WARN  MXNetJVM: MXNet Scala native library not found in path. Copying native library from the archive. Consider installing the library somewhere in the path (for Windows: PATH, for Linux: LD_LIBRARY_PATH), or specifying by Java cmd option -Djava.library.path=[lib path].
WARN  org.apache.mxnet.DataDesc: Found Undefined Layout, will use default index 0 for batch axis
INFO  org.apache.mxnet.infer.Predictor: Latency increased due to batchSize mismatch 8 vs 1
WARN  org.apache.mxnet.DataDesc: Found Undefined Layout, will use default index 0 for batch axis
WARN  org.apache.mxnet.DataDesc: Found Undefined Layout, will use default index 0 for batch axis
CAPTCHA output: 6643
INFO  org.apache.mxnet.util.NativeLibraryLoader: Deleting /tmp/mxnet6045308279291774865/libmxnet.so
INFO  org.apache.mxnet.util.NativeLibraryLoader: Deleting /tmp/mxnet6045308279291774865/mxnet-scala
INFO  org.apache.mxnet.util.NativeLibraryLoader: Deleting /tmp/mxnet6045308279291774865
```

> The model is run on `captcha_example.png` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model runs on `captcha_example.png` by default.
```
